>>LEE HARRIS: They're
talking about what
the soul of a human on Earth is
evolving into, and warning us
of some of the ways that
we don't want to go.
By all means, look
up and look out.
But they say, the Earth
is coming on line in ways
that we have never experienced.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
That's exciting.
Let's go to the Z's
when you're ready.
>>AUDIENCE: Perfect.
Good.
This transmission in itself,
it is multidimensionality
in action.
Remember too, that you are
all balancing the planet,
so the bliss bunnies are, we
will say, bringing balance
to the emotional rage machines.
If we could show you how many
things have been averted when
it comes to destruction,
you would be both horrified
at first, and then relieved.
But you would be horrified.
>>REGINA: It's
been a little while
but we have Lee
Harris back with us.
As is always the case, he'll be
giving us both some of his time
and the Z's.
And the message is
evolving very rapidly.
Sometimes though we need to go
into the architecture of what
it is to be human before
we can build on it.
And this is really fascinating.
That's exactly what
we're going to do today.
Lee, I just love
seeing you again.
It's wonderful having you back.
>>HARRIS: I always
love being with you.
So thank you for having me back.
>>REGINA: It's been a little
while, a couple of years,
at least.
>>HARRIS: I think
it's been a few years.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
because before COVID.
>>HARRIS: We had to cancel one.
>>REGINA: Oh my gosh.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, anyway,
it's lovely to see you.
You never change and just
emanate the sweetest energy.
So I just want to talk to
you about your new book,
"Conversations
with Zs, Book One"
which notes there's probably
going to be a book two, three,
four, five, et cetera.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
It's the beginning of a series.
>>REGINA: OK.
And this is your
friend, Diane Edwards,
who is-- is she a psychologist?
>>HARRIS: She's a
psychotherapist.
>>REGINA: A psychotherapist.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And she
is the one that's
asking the questions of the Z's
on behalf of everybody else.
And this particular book has
some really important stuff
for right now embedded in it.
So it seems the Z's are
cashing in on our attention,
where our attention is
at this time in history.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
Something definitely kicked
up a gear for me in 2019.
I mean I think probably everyone
can say that about their life.
But something about the work
and the channeling, something
went to another level.
And this was six
months ahead of COVID.
And then, of course, it all
made sense when COVID kicked in.
So the book series came because
of the recorded conversations
we did.
And I was at the end of the
first day of these recordings,
it was--
I was very clearly
told this is a series.
There's going to be a
series, a whole row of them.
But the first one is called
the Energetics of the New Human
Soul.
Because they're talking about
how our soul is evolving right
now, and what the soul
of a human on Earth
is evolving into, and warning
us of some of the ways
that we don't want to
go, and reminding us
of some of the intrinsic truths,
as to who we are as a soul,
and why we're here
in the first place,
trying to let more of
ourselves come through.
>>REGINA: Humans
are quite an enigma.
We're a mystery in the universe.
And we have so many
influences here on the planet.
And I know I'm not
going to be able to get
to some of that today with
the Z's that I would love to,
because we have so much
more to talk about.
But what you just said,
the evolving soul.
My group of beings that I'm
associated with, my guides,
have called us as
soul development.
They don't-- they call
us a soul development.
And I thought, is
that true elsewhere.
And we were talking
about it one day.
And they said,
no, the uniqueness
of the human being,
because of our origins,
is completely
different because you
have this combined
being that's now human,
and this isn't normally done.
And that is still under
development and evolving,
where in other places
these are a stable species.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
And the Z's have also been
talking a lot recently
about the--
they-- they go back
about 10,000 years or so.
And they speak about
when we were essentially
clamped on Earth, and they
make parallels to Atlantis,
and they speak about how
the soul was designed
to be in the human
body, in a far more
vibratory, and sensory, and
full way than we see today.
And we're at that point
where all of the conditioning
and programming over these
last set of many thousand years
is we have an opportunity
where it's all breaking apart.
And the opportunity
is for us to, again,
reclaim that
sovereign soul self.
>>REGINA: And that's critical
because of the beauty
of what we are at the core.
And I remember my guide saying,
the conscious mind that you
know, this part, that
you call the left brain,
was really-- it's really
only there to keep you
from bumping into things.
You were supposed to have the
entire mind integrated, which
mind is everything.
And that sounds like
what they're saying.
That mind needs to be
permeating all of us,
so we can operate at much more
intuitive, creative, healthy
capacity.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
And it's funny you say that.
I think of my own
journey, one of-- one
of the great gifts for my
own ego in being a channeler
is having to learn to
not worry about judgment,
or what people think of me.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: And that's been very
helpful in my own learning.
But the greater truth
is we're all intuitive.
We're all connected
to all of it.
And the myth is that certain
people have that capacity.
The truth is certain
people at this time
are showing that capacity
to remind the rest of us,
this is for all of us, and
we're all connected to this web.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HARRIS: But we
have been trained
and trained to forget it,
and discouraged away from it.
>>REGINA: OK, so
let me ask you this,
just going back to what
you said a moment ago.
You said about 10,000 years
ago humanity was clamped.
And you know, I--
I've skirted around
this, and tried
to talk to the Z's
about it in the past.
But they did not want to
talk about it at that time.
And now they're talking
about these things,
because it's critical
that we know it.
Tell us what they meant by that.
>>HARRIS: There-- firstly,
what's interesting
when they speak about what
they will and they won't say,
they say we will only
give you information that
will serve your progression.
And, of course, we know
that a lot of people
will hear a certain thing and
go into fear or contraction.
My sense of it is it's not
just that they are saying it
because it's critical, but
I'm always paying attention
to what they're willing to say.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: And I'm like,
oh, this is interesting.
This is new.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: And then
lo and behold,
three months later,
I'll see an article
that's saying a similar thing.
And so I feel like they time the
revelations that are necessary,
but also as a confluence of that
revelation starts to happen.
So with some of the
things they're saying now,
I know that the books will
come out a year or so later.
So I'm always interested
in, oh, in 2024,
when that third
book comes out, I
wonder what's going
on in the world
that they're willing
to talk about this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: They haven't
gone into massive detail
about why the clamp is there.
And they have even
said, there are
other people whose job that is.
They said, and our
job is not to get
you too fixated on the
history of what happened.
But our job is to
remind you that it
happened, so that the
soul in you hears it,
recognizes it's true.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: And rather than being
upset about it, angry about it,
or fearful about
it, you recognize
that our opportunity in
this short life we're
going to have in
this body, is to do
our best to reclaim
that part of ourselves
for us, and for everyone else.
>>REGINA: Perfectly put.
Can't reclaim it, if you
don't know you've lost it.
>>HARRIS: True.
>>REGINA: And so I'm glad that
they are speaking about it.
But every one of
us is different.
I don't react with
fear to these things.
So I'm of course, quite
curious as to what is it,
so we can start figuring out
how we're going to address it.
And so now they're
talking about it,
and people can start this
journey of addressing it.
And one of the
things they wanted
to talk about and do
talk about in this book,
which I'll talk to
them in specifics
about the architecture, is to
really get it in our heads,
and understand we are
multidimensional beings.
So why do they feel that
is so important, finally
for us to grok?
>>HARRIS: Because
we have been trained
to see ourselves as linear,
and singular, and put ourselves
in boxes.
Now, if you think about it, all
of us are multi-dimensional.
We're all a parent, a
child, a sister, a friend,
someone who does
this for a living.
If you really look at the
roles you play in your life,
all of us might play 20 to 40
different roles in our life.
So we already are operating
multi-dimensionally.
The biggest problem with us not
seeing it and being discouraged
from seeing how connected
all of those roles
are in our energy field, and how
that connects us to everybody
in the same way, is
we-- we stay away
from what they
call oneness, which
is the thread of
connection that recognizes
the equality and the simpatico
and harmony between us all.
We've been designed
to stay as ourselves,
and have what they talk
about as the war imprint.
They say that the war
imprint is so rife
and is one of our
biggest issues.
It's been put there to divide
us, and to keep us separate,
and to cut us off, from our
spiritual connected nature.
And it has worked.
I mean we just saw
it working a lot
in the last couple of years.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I mean, we're looking
at a structure
that has been based on
competitive and predatory
behaviors.
Get what you can for yourself,
then silo yourself off
and protect what
you've got, so no one
can take it from
you, whatever it is.
Whether it's a tenured
position at a university,
or whether it's food--
a supply of food in an area
that's lacking food or water.
We do it everywhere.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: The human is
doing it everywhere.
And as they're saying, if you
look at us on a quantum level,
you cannot separate us.
It's impossible if you saw
what we were energetically,
we would all be shocked.
We would say, wait.
Where are we?
I don't see anything.
There's nothing there, just
a few little sparks of light.
>>HARRIS: And one
of the nicest things
they said that really
hit me on a heart level
and it was so clear,
it was a few years ago,
they explained none
of us are who we think
we are because of ourselves.
All of us are who we think
we are because of everybody
in our life.
So we're all influenced
by the person we just
had a conversation with,
the way we were parented,
the teacher that influenced us.
We have melded and become
this multi-dimensional
representation of all
of our experiences.
And so they're
always reminding us,
and I always feel this
when I channel them,
because I feel that state,
how connected we are
and that's where our power lies.
Divided we fall.
Connected we thrive.
And I think many voices
have been talking about that
this last few decades.
And I think we're at this
critical point, where we're
witnessing the push-pull between
the forces that want to divide,
and separate us, and
control us, control
and manipulation, and then the
future of the consciousness
of the planet.
And they always say that
there are things going on
inside the Earth that
we have no concept of,
that are literally right
now emanating vibration up
through the surface
of the planet.
So they say by all means,
look up and look out.
But they say so much
of our spiritual focus
has been encouraged
to go higher.
And they said the Earth
is coming on line, in ways
that we have never experienced.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's exciting.
OK, another area before
we go to the Z's,
is all of this we're talking
about, having this higher
understanding, planting
these seeds of consciousness
and collaboration.
And they're going to
give timelines in a bit.
And we'll recognize
that we probably
won't be around to see
the fruits of a lot of it.
But let's talk about
the absolute imperative
that we understand that nothing
happens without this phase,
right now of planting seeds.
There will be no fruits.
There will be no change, if
we don't step up and plant
the seeds, and have some
generosity to understand
it won't manifest for a while.
>>HARRIS: It's
interesting, isn't it?
Because I think that you
often hear a parent speaking
about the future in a way
that's very protective
of their children.
I don't want my
grandchildren to grow up
in a world that looks
like X, Y, or Z.
And yet the truth is, if we
all were in our love field
for other people,
the way that people
tend to become when it's
a parental relationship
or a grandparent
relationship, if we all
held that energy
for everybody, we
would behave very differently.
And I think it's a challenge
because it's very easy to go,
well, I feel love for everyone.
But the system isn't working
through those principles.
And I think there are a couple
of ways you can go with that.
You can either become
the most loving,
compassionate being
yourself that you can be,
and let that affect the
world vibrationally,
or you can be one of
the people to attempt
to go into some
of those systems,
and lighten them up,
and brighten them up.
>>REGINA: And that's what the
new little ones being born now
are here to do, to start
taking on that change.
And if we look at it even from
a self motivated point of view,
even if we say, yeah, well I
don't have kids or grandkids,
right?
If someone's being
self motivated,
the fact is we reincarnate
back into this whole system
we're setting up and
planting seeds for now.
We're actually laying the
seeds for our own futures,
not just our
children, our friends,
and the people we love.
>>HARRIS: We do.
And it's interesting, isn't it?
Because it's so joyous to
fertilize with your energy.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: With your
generosity, it's
such a joy to be able to
extend yourself and connect.
And I think we weren't taught
that principle necessarily.
And yet the truth
is for any of us who
have our moments with that, or
a period of our life with that,
or we've dedicated
our life to it,
we know that the feeling of
connection and connectedness
that you get when you operate
from that standpoint, that's
gold.
>>REGINA: Oh it's--
that's pure joy.
>>HARRIS: It is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And we're going to talk
to the Z's about joy too.
OK, well thank you for
getting us all set up
with some framework for this.
And let's go to the
Z's when you're ready.
>>HARRIS: Perfect.
>>REGINA: And then we'll talk
timelines and dimensions.
>>HARRIS: Good.
Ha.
A pleasure to be here
with you once more
and with all who are00 we will
say listening and receiving
this transmission.
We would like to, before you
begin with your questions,
just point out that this
transmission in itself,
this moment that you
are guiding, conducting,
facilitating, and that all
who are tuning in on it
are receiving and experiencing,
it is multidimensionality
in action.
It reconnects you to your
multidimensional place
within the universe, not
just within your human life,
your human identity.
It reminds you
that as a soul, you
are part of this wider
source field of energy.
And that in itself is the
practice that all of you
are, we will say,
undergoing at this time.
In order to emanate
from that place
and live from that place
more, it does take practice.
It takes you giving
yourself to that energy,
immersing yourself
in that energy,
and gradually you will not
want to leave that energy.
So no matter what words
are said or information
is given in this dialogue we are
about to embark upon with you,
the energy itself is
a transmission that
reminds you of home, your wider
home, that which you incarnated
from, and that which
you will return
to when you leave
this specific body,
and this specific identity
that you are in right now.
Good.
>>REGINA: Good.
Thank you.
It's good to be with you again.
It's funny when you say that
as we move through this,
and we go into the other
dimensions of ourselves.
I've always found it interesting
if on a personal level,
say if I choose to go
up into another field,
the funny thing is that a
lot of those attachments
and those familiar,
sticky emotions and things
aren't there.
And you can almost, if you're
interfacing with someone else,
it's almost there's
a disconnect,
like you're not of this denser
Earth reality, when you go.
As you said you said, you would
never want to leave that place.
I think a lot of times we leave
that place just so we can feel
like we're in some
sort of relationship
with other people on Earth.
Does that make sense?
I know you can see what
I'm saying energetically.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
You will all, each
of you, depending
on what your we will
say life theme is
or the life theme
you are working
on that month or that
year, you will all
engage with what
you refer to or what
we would call as some of the
more gravity-based emotions
that are specific
to being a human.
They do not exist in
our realm, and the realm
that you originated from.
However, they are part
of the joy of being
this multicolored human animal.
And part of the
wiring that you adopt
when you come to
this place is to take
on the psychological, emotional,
and vibrational energy field
that your human ancestors up
to that point have carried.
And part of your job
is to lighten them.
And so, yes, there
are many of you who
will value your higher states.
But we would say to you that
enormous work takes place
for you and for the planet
when you are in, shall we say,
a conflict moment with someone
that you love very dearly.
And the two of you get into
your thoughts and your feelings.
And some of you, we
know look back on this,
and think that you were
behaving in an unevolved way.
But we would say no, no, you
were evolving the human way.
In that moment,
you were learning
to heal part of
the energy template
that you not only came to
experience on a personal level,
but that you came to upshift on
a level of mass consciousness
for the planet as a whole.
So going in and out
of those states,
it is, in fact, quite a
beautiful place to be.
And if you can stay
in what you call
the higher or elevated
or less emotionally dense
states with some
regularity, you are already
doing your work on Earth.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
I'm sure many people
will identify with that.
And here we call it
oftentimes people
who would prefer to
spend most of their time
meditating and avoiding human
emotions, bliss bunnies.
And I know a lot
of people watching
that, I've been accused
of it too at times,
are bliss bunnies.
And so that's a good
reminder that we
need to feel the full
spectrum of our human emotions
for this fascinating evolution.
Thank you so much.
>>HARRIS: We will add one piece
to your comment, if we may.
Remember too, that you are
all balancing the planet.
So the bliss bunnies
are, we will say,
bringing balance to the
emotional rage machines that
also exist on your planet.
So it is not better or worse
to be one way or the other.
But you will have what we
would refer to them as being
highly elemental
humans who are here
more to be in the
ethers and the elements,
and are a little less
adept with or experienced
with human emotion and thought.
And they are here to bring
their own kind of balance,
and to remind those who
get overly entrenched
in the human density
that vibrationally there
is another way.
And they will feel this when
they have this human standing
in front of them, even
though they can't quite
put their finger on why their
energy field feels so light.
But they are a living example
of what is possible for you
as humans
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
And I'm going to
go just a little
sideways here off of
what you've just said.
We're also delighted
when we're connecting
with what we call our
spirits, angels, guides,
and have these lovely
lighter influences come in,
and give us useful information,
encouragement, and so forth.
But we're not as
delighted when we
feel entities that appear to
be coming from a denser realm.
Can you talk about
Earth as this place
that lives between
the high and the low,
and the influences of
both on human beings?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
Well there are different--
we will call it
if you like-- heights of
entities on the planet,
just as there are different
heights of humans.
Firstly, the reason you
are all so delighted
when you connect to spirit
or shall we say overwhelmed,
is you are often
pushing through grief.
Because for many of you, even
if you are the most skeptical
minded, let's say you have an
experience with somebody who
is a medium, a
bridge between you
and a relative,
who has passed on.
And the skeptical mind
in you is slightly
blown apart as they
relay information
that your relative and
only you could have known.
What actually happens in
those moments of connection
for the skeptic or for the one
who loves the higher realms,
is a moment of grief
gets burst in you.
Because all of you
are grieving the fact
that you are
separate from spirit.
Many of you have
managed to temper it
by making returning
to spirit your focus.
And so you no longer
feel in grief.
But it does mark you out
as a little different
to some of the people
in your life, who
do not visit spirit with
the regularity that you do.
And perhaps some of them because
of their skeptical trained fear
of the spirit world, which
all of you were trained into,
has an effect on them that makes
them uncomfortable, until they
have a moment where they
feel the realm of the spirit
back in their body, or
back in their heart,
or back in the top of
their mind for a moment.
And suddenly, they
recognize they are home,
even if they don't fully
understand the experience.
But to your point about
different layers of entities,
it is the case that you
can have more, shall
we say, malevolent or
heavy entities that
hang around certain human
beings who are also behaving
in malevolent, or we
will say destructive,
ways towards other humans.
However, we must say this.
It's important
you don't blame it
all on the malevolent spirit.
That is a training that has also
been given to you, some idea
that the spirit realm
is not to be trusted.
It is actually the human's
job to keep their energy
field clear, and recognize
if they are, shall we say,
dancing with lower
energies in the actions
they are taking on the planet.
>>REGINA: Very well said.
Thank you so much with that.
And it seems to me that
it's the resonance.
As you say, if you're
in not a very good space
or clean space yourself,
and struggling quite a lot,
and have a lot of anger,
fear-- whatever's going on,
you're almost
creating a resonance
or a vibrational
bridge that allows
you to go into the dance
with another denser entity.
And that's the part that
humans are responsible for.
Is that what you're saying?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
And also remember you have
all been asked to align
with we would say these
human dense emotions that
are not belonging to the soul.
This was part of what we
will call the implant that
took place with humanity a
little over 10,000 years ago,
although there are different
periods in history where
different implants were put in.
So we cannot pinpoint it for you
exactly because there are many
stories and events that
line up to, we will call it
the limitation of the awakened
human soul that you were
designed to be.
And there was a time
when Earth was designated
as a planet where you were going
to see this evolved soul take
place through human form.
And yet, there were
influences that did not
want that to be the case.
And so they were able to,
we will say, interfere.
So what many of you
are dealing with now,
when you are looking
at judgment or blame,
is those original implants,
those what you would
call emotional low vibrations.
And all of you have
probably experienced those
at some time in your life,
and they are not yours.
They are borrowed
emotional energy fields
that have been given to you
as a way of dealing with your,
let's say, reactions
or emotions.
And the truth is that all
of that can be transmuted,
which is why at this time where
the consciousness on the planet
is literally being raised,
whether you want it to or not,
even with so many of the-- we
will call it an overt attempts
to control, manipulate,
and hold humanity down,
it simply cannot be
stopped at this point.
So as this consciousness
is raising,
it is causing many more
people on the planet
than ever before to
lean into the ability
to heal, and go
beyond, and open out
these very dense
fear-based emotions
to do with blame, judgment,
anger, reactivity--
what we would call the
war imprint that plays out
inside you at small
emotional levels.
And that is why you are seeing
such a widespread proliferation
of emotional awareness,
healing techniques.
Society is going through a very
steep and sudden learning curve
around re-identifying yourself
as the new human soul,
and letting go of what the old
human soul was allowed to be.
>>REGINA: On a
more mundane level,
when it comes to these
dense emotions, there are--
some people watching this even
have a family or ancestral
culture of hanging onto worry.
Worry is almost
a badge of honor.
It brings a gravitas
to someone's life
to worry about everything,
and worry about everyone.
But it seems that is not in
sync with what's going on
and required right now.
>>HARRIS: No.
Worry is one of the most
debilitating anxiety forms
that you can have,
because worry tends
to close you down to both
the present and the future,
the two places
where potential lie.
Worry traps you in the past.
And it either is trapping
you in a past trauma,
or it is a pattern of behavior
that you inherited and overly
absorbed from a
member of your family,
or someone who raised you.
However, we would like
to point this out.
And this is very important.
This is why it is very complex,
this path of awakening.
There are many times when
worry has protected you.
your fear has protected you
from doing something too soon.
So we would say
if you notice you
have a tendency
toward worry, look
at your tendency
toward anxiety, and see
what your anxiety
needs, which conditions
has your anxiety never
had in life, that would
help you feel less anxious.
Anything in your past
or any trauma history
you have that you could loosen
up by looking at it, but also
to recognize that
these, shall we call it,
lower points of focus, or
emotion, or energy for you
are often perfect.
They put you in the perfect
place at the perfect time.
So the question
around your worry
is, is this a chronic
emotion that I
am feeling that is getting
in the way of my future,
and I need to look at it.
Or is this a tendency
I have, and so long
as I stay aware of it,
and learn to manage it,
it can also be a
good indicator to me?
Ah, I'm worried.
I must be about to
do something big.
So now I will employ
my worry tools,
so that my worry doesn't
try and stop or sabotage me
from taking this forward step.
>>REGINA: Perfect.
Yes.
It's an indicator, a
form of information,
but chronic, it's a
problem if it's chronic.
So now, if you don't mind,
I'd like to go into--
I thought it was fascinating--
in Lee's new book,
where you were talking about
the architecture of dimensions,
planes, and realms.
Because we kind
of use these terms
very loosely and
interchangeably.
In fact, I'd even throw
in vibration and frequency
alongside dimension,
and we have a real soup
of just a vague notion
of what's going on.
So if you can explain a
bit from your perspective
about dimensions,
and how they actually
live alongside one another, so
we can understand it better.
Also, if you
wouldn't mind putting
in the notion of
vibration and frequency,
what creates a dimension.
>>HARRIS: Firstly, we
understand this notion
of higher dimensions.
We understand why it
is in your language.
We understand why
it is in your focus.
And we understand
why so many people
have used it as a benchmark.
And it has served its purpose.
What is actually
happening when someone
says that they want to
live at a higher dimension,
is more of the time than
not, they are saying,
I want to escape this
lower stuff I am feeling.
I don't want to be feeling this.
I don't want to
be thinking this.
So in the higher
dimension, I will
be safe from all
of these feelings.
And, yes, there is
a truth to that.
However, there is
excavation work
that you will have to
undertake to allow yourself
to let go of the lower that
you identify with in order
to be able to sustain a higher
vibration more of the time.
And a higher
vibration is what we
would call your
state of being, what
you are vibrating inside
yourself, what you
are vibrating out to the world.
So if you are in
a high vibration,
it might look like you feeling
at your most calm, open,
peaceful, perhaps
joy, love is in there.
But they are not as necessary.
Joy and strong
feelings of love are
what we would call peaks within
a baseline state of peace,
calm, and openness.
That is a way of looking
at your vibration.
How long has it been since I
felt peace, calm, or openness?
Ah, I need to work
on my vibration.
Now, when people speak
about dimensions,
they tend to see it as
higher dimensions, this idea
that the ninth dimension
is far above your heads,
and you are stuck here on little
old three dimensional Earth
trying to deal with it.
Actually, what we would
like you to consider
is the dimensions are
all alongside you.
You can move into a dimension
through this human body
of yours at any given moment.
So for example, you're with a
friend who's very depressed.
And the vibration that
they are pulsing out
is one of heaviness and sadness,
because the dimension that they
have aligned with
is their past trauma
history, their past
old heavy patterns
that they are not
able to move past.
So you spend some time
in their energy field.
You connect with them for,
let's say 10, 15 minutes.
You are going to walk
away, and if you overly
expanded into
their energy field,
you are going to feel a
little dimmed in your own.
You will essentially have
taken on a little bit
of their vibration.
It will have merged
with your own.
And depending on your
tendency, so let's say
you have a tendency
for depression,
and being in the dimension
of depression in yourself,
you might then start to fan
the flames of depression,
and start to feel
quite depressed.
Because it's a contagious
energy, and you
were just with someone who
gave you a little bit of it.
But if we then show you
that 10 minutes later,
you have a conversation with
someone who is happy, and open,
and joyous.
They are vibrating
at a different level.
They are in a
different dimension
in order to attain that level.
Perhaps, they had wonderful
experiences all morning,
or they have been working on
keeping themselves uplifted as
much as possible, and taking
good care of themselves.
Then you are still in
this same human body
encountering a different
frequency in this other being.
And that can put you into
a different dimension.
So we understand we need to
be even more clear about this.
For the words are to some
degree interchangeable.
Let's put it this way.
You speak to the
depressed person.
You start to feel
a little bit down,
and the dimensional
doorways through which
you could walk for
the next hour are
going to be a bit more
limited, unless you become
aware of what just happened.
Say, I release any energies
and emotions that are not mine,
or you specifically
name this person
that you recognize you just
picked some stuff up from.
Because of how
you are vibrating,
there will be a certain
dimensional reality
available to you.
This will somewhat limit the
experiences you can have.
You will magnetize slightly
lower frequency events
until you realize you need
to let go of what you just
walked through.
And this is all very subtle.
But equally, if the
person who is joyous
that you meet 10 minutes later
again shifts your vibration,
and you start to vibrate
higher inside yourself,
the dimensional
doorways of your day,
so the people you will meet,
the places your eyes will land,
you will start to look for
that dimensional reality.
So the vibration
is internal in you.
And what you are
seeking outside you
is the dimensions
of reality that you
wish to engage in that
relate to and resonate
with your inner vibration.
But just a small shift
can alter the way
that you focus on
your dimensions,
the way that you
gravitate toward
and attract toward yourself,
dimensional doorways that are--
you would call it higher
rather than lower.
But what we are trying
to point out to you
is that they are all
existing alongside you.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HARRIS: And they're
everywhere all of the time.
It is why you can
walk down a street
and see one person in joy
and one person in misery.
The dimensions are all
around you all of the time.
And it is your focus,
your awareness,
and your vibrational
state that will
have enormous influence over
which dimensions you live in,
and play with that day.
And the truth is,
most of you go through
many different
dimensions, some of you
within an hour, most
of you within a day.
>>REGINA: Beautifully said.
So let's talk about the
notion then of planes.
Now, we hear some of
the ancient texts that
refer to what plane
we're living on
with the Earth in the center,
whether it be 7 planes, or 12
planes, or however many planes
that tradition recognizes.
So you're saying then that
the dimensions are running
vertically, and we
weave in and out of them
depending on our own
emotions and vibrations.
Then what is a plane?
>>HARRIS: Well, we
would say to you,
the plane of existence that
we are reaching you from
is you could call it
horizontal, and we
are lifted from your body.
So we are above the
Earth right now.
But of course, we are
somewhat in a bit of a trick,
because you have a human
being doing his best
capacity to translate
in human words, the--
we will call it informational
pockets and packets
that we are trying to
bring through to you.
So the plane of existence
that we exist in
is not to do with the
gravitational field of Earth.
You are all in Earth's
gravitational field.
And there are only a small
number of planes of existence,
meaning horizontal levels,
that you have access to
because of that gravity field.
And that is as it should be.
So we tend to describe to
you and see it this way,
the planes of existence
are horizontal in nature.
They are not
necessarily dimensions,
but they are we would call
it vantage points from which
you can observe.
So the reason that we are
able to, shall we say,
zoom out for humanity,
is we are not
encumbered by your learning.
We are not encumbered by the
game that you are playing,
and the, shall we
say, soil that you are
having to till and fertilize.
But we, from our
plane of existence,
are doing what we
can to fertilize
and till the energetic
soil above you, which is
work for us too, and
is part of the work
that we are having to do.
As the consciousness field of
the Earth expands and elevates,
so too does it reposition us
and our relationship to you.
For just as with
Lee right now, we
are his collective of, we will
call it, not only guide team,
but soul brother and sisterhood.
All of you have this you
all have not only allotted
guides and teams around you.
But there are also what you
would call spirit beings,
or entities, or even
energies some of you
like to use that are existing
in planes of existence
all around you and above you,
that are working energetically
on the frequency of the Earth,
even if they may not have any,
shall we say, contact with
you in a direct fashion.
>>REGINA: So then
we're talking about how
our own, not just their
influence on the Earth
and working with Earth as
the beautiful entity and soul
that she is, but our own
vibrations frequencies,
what we're generating, will
have an effect on a given
area collectively of the Earth.
And I was told once that
some of the Earth changes
that were scheduled to
happen that Edgar Cayce spoke
about, for example, some
of them would occur.
But many would be
averted depending
upon the consciousness of
the people on the land.
And this is making
sense according
to what you just said.
Can you explain how we feel and
interact is affecting Earth,
and what she is
going to express?
>>HARRIS: Well,
we will tell you,
and you alluded to this
earlier in part of a question,
there are many on
this planet who,
they are not here for humans.
They are in human form, yes.
But they are here to raise
the energy of the planet.
And, yes, there are also those
who are here for the elements,
and for animals.
But we are speaking specifically
about those who meditate
and we will say
direct frequency.
Some of you call it doing energy
work or grid work on the land.
There are many on the
planet who are doing that.
Most you will never know.
You will never speak to.
That's not their role.
They came here to have a
far more ephemeral existence
of humanity.
It was not their time this
time to come back and get
overly involved in
the game of humanity.
And then there are
those of you who
are supposed to be right in the
heart of the game of humanity.
We would use you and Lee
as an example of this.
That is part of your role, and
how you do your energy work.
And then there are all
of the people listening
to this who are doing the same.
So you will be within your
family groups and your friend
groups right now,
saying something
that will bring
awareness and will
bring a shift to the
energy field of your group.
And that wildly affects
not only Gaia, but also
the power structures
on the Earth.
It is true, and this
is important for you
to understand,
especially those of you
who feel a heavy heart
around what you see
going on the Earth right now.
If we could show you how many
things have been averted when
it comes to destruction,
you would be both horrified
at first, and then relieved.
But you would be horrified.
Because you would see
some quite destructive
both Earth based events,
and many man-created events
that have been stopped, not
just in the last few years,
but over the last
five or six decades.
And of course, it
can go further back.
But this last five
or six decades
has been critical,
because approaching 2024,
was always a key marker
point for this planet.
And so there was
always knowledge
that things would heat up as
you got closer to that moment
in time.
So things have been averted.
But all of you,
and this is why we
say working on your
own consciousness
is vital, if you feel
disempowered by your systems,
and you do not know how
to empower your systems,
start empowering your
immediate system.
Start figuring out
how you can live
in a higher vibration
in your daily life,
but also how you can give
that to others, how you
can affect others in that way.
We will tell you this too.
We know there are
many out there who
are frustrated by what we will
call the dark shadows in some
of your systems right now.
It is going to get
easier, especially
by the time you reach 2027.
It will be far easier to
permeate, uplift, and shift
these systems, even though
right now the picture
might look quite
different to that reality.
So those of you who do feel
like crusaders for systemization
on the planet, not
only are there already
many people who have created
technologies and ways
for the future that
you will be using,
but that have not
yet had their time
or been allowed to
be revealed, there
are going to be
a wave of you who
are going to become
more inspired as how
to upshift these systems.
But you are waiting for the
cracks in the window to appear.
And they are going to appear
with rapid effect from 2023
to 2027 onwards.
>>REGINA: So this is, as they
call it, the darkest hour
before dawn, so to speak.
One of those dark
moments before dawn?
>>HARRIS: We will tell
you that the year of 2024
could be your darkest yet.
And we say that not to
scare, simply to inform.
We also will tell you
timelines are not set.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: So we can be somewhat
accurate within the next 5
to 10 years, and marginally
accurate within the next 100,
and everything after that
gets a little harder for us
and we have to reassess.
We will tell you that what
we are seeing on the planet
right now is it will
be heart energy that
will alleviate how dark
things have to get in 2024.
And we would implore all of
you listening and watching,
if you ever have a
thought where you
get annoyed at
your fellow humans
for not waking up sooner,
for not getting it,
if you are blaming them for
what you see as the demise of we
will call it freedom or
liberty on the planet, stop it.
If you keep doing that, you
will not help or serve them.
Instead, what you have to
do is come from your heart
and recognize it
is their fear that
has them locked in that
ideology and that emotion.
And so the more you can
come from love, awareness,
and wisdom, and the more you
can find places and people where
you can put that, there
will be a ripple effect.
It only needs approximately
30% of this planet to be awake
enough to even be
questioning what is going on,
not certain of what is
going, on but questioning.
And at the moment we see you
at approximately a 25% to 26%
moment.
That doesn't mean
everybody thinks like you.
And that doesn't mean everybody
has it all figured out.
But you are approaching
the 30% that
is required for a faster wave
of consciousness to permeate.
So don't blame
another human being
for not being what
you think they
should be in order for humanity
to have a golden moment.
Start looking at yourself,
and asking yourself
some tough questions.
Am I vibrating in a
way that is helping
to generate oneness, compassion,
kindness, wisdom, love?
Those are the things that are
needed, because human beings
like evidence.
They don't want
to hear a concept.
They want to see it.
They want to feel it.
They want to know it.
So if you stand in front
of them in your heart,
in a compassionate way with
wisdom that makes sense
to them, and they feel it, and
they see it, and they know it,
they will believe you.
If you angrily
tell them concepts,
what are they going to hear?
Anger.
The concepts will be lost.
>>REGINA: Here, here.
You're on fire.
I'm having so much
fun with you today.
>>HARRIS: We are always
happy to be with you
for you are an
ancient archivist.
And it is a joy to
see you playing out
your role in such a
human way, and being
the cosmic librarian for the
world in the way that you are.
Ha.
>>REGINA: Well,
thank you for that.
For the benefit of
the viewers I just
want to say what you just
said around the year 2027.
This has come up in
other people's work that
have had transmissions as
well, the fellow Ra who
did human design, Richard
Rudd in his work also.
This is starting to come up
that 2027, they're saying,
and I would love your
thoughts on this,
that this is an opening
energetically where
a new type of human,
elevated human,
is going to be start
coming in greater numbers.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
There are two sides to this.
So the elevated humans
are already here,
and as many of
know, the children
being born at this time
and in this last decade
have been particularly affected
by these higher vibrations
and consciousness, which
is why so many of them
are struggling to
find their place
and their way in a
destabilizing world.
And those of you
who are parents,
who are guardians
or teachers who
are having to figure out
how to help these highly
sensitive children, guess what.
You're figuring out
how to help yourself.
Ha.
They are simply representing
the part of you that was never
allowed to be present on Earth.
And just as you are
having new beings
coming in with this
level of consciousness,
so too are you going
to go through quite
the transformation, all of you.
It's why so many of
you have felt exhausted
and thrown around by the
energies in this last--
particularly in these
last three years.
You were being asked
to drop density
at a speed that is far faster
than you could possibly
realize.
Because all of you are
feeling the gravitational pull
of this sun.
And we have mentioned 2027.
We will lay out a few dates.
We have spoken for quite
some years about the shift
period of 2017 to 2024 being
a challenging time on Earth,
a time on Earth where
the dark tide rises,
so the lighter tides can
see it for what it is.
And that is why we will
say that your 2024,
there are some
potentials in that year
that could be quite
tough for many of you.
But notice what happens
to you when we say that.
If you recoil and go into fear,
you need to work with that.
You need to understand
are taking something
that we have said that
is somewhat amorphous,
and hasn't given you
specific details,
and your fear
response has inflamed.
So notice how fast that
fear response inflames
to the unknown.
And recognize that's how so many
people over the last few years
were able to be
guided into fear,
and their fear became
the dominant emotion.
They stopped thinking clearly.
That's why so many went
to war with each other,
because fear was pumped
across your world.
So you're coming out of that
period now, and enough of you
have learned what that period
was that you can be custodians.
That if a similar
scenario, and we
don't mean in detail but
we mean in energetics,
were to play out on
Earth, more of you
will be a little
prepared for how
to navigate this both
personally and for yourself.
The years between 2024 and
2027 have quite an arc to them.
They are a little unpredictable.
But what we will
say is there will
be some wild energy
in those years,
and there are many of you who
feel quite wild right now,
and you don't like the
control, and it irritates you.
And you want to see certain
things being overthrown.
Wait with your wildness,
for your wildness
will be put to good
work in those years
where innovation will
be a little easier.
We're not saying it will
all be fully allowed.
But it will be harder to
squash in that time frame.
And it will take a swell
of these, again, things
that people can see,
know, feel, trust--
for them to understand,
ah, there was a better way.
No one had ever
allowed us to see it,
or led us in that direction.
And of course, there
will be many who
will want to cling onto the
old, because it is known.
So that is why this is
such an important decade
for all of you.
But we would say one last thing.
And we don't mean to be
overly verbose in this answer.
But it is so important.
If you find yourself
getting all caught up
in what's going on on the
planet, please remember you
are going to die.
You are going to die.
You are going to
leave this body.
leave this identity.
It might be tomorrow.
It might be in 70 years.
You are going to die.
And this Earth school that
you are in is a school,
and the more fixated
you get on your fear
of your own personal
identity or bodily survival,
the more trapped
you become here.
So pay attention to that.
>>REGINA: And also
the despair that
has overtaken so many people
by feeling that events
are literally out
of our control,
that people are getting
away with things that we're
watching-- like watching
a robbery in daylight,
and you can't do anything.
Our hands are tied.
So that despair
and powerlessness
that comes with
that, it seems to me
are two of the critical emotions
that we need to transform.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
And what you are
seeing right now
is a global awakening
around the lack
of relationship between your
power systems and the people.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: And more
people are beginning
to see that than ever before.
And the question is,
what kind of world
do you want to live in,
a factory in which you
are farmed, or do you want
to be a sovereign being
in a collaborative
and connected place?
Now, some of you may not
see that in your lifetime,
depending on your age.
But that is what you are
here to help usher in.
And some of you are here to
build the foundations of that,
and that is enough.
You might not be the
one putting the roof on.
But you are going to be the one
to help build the new house.
And why are you
interested in this?
Why should this matter to you?
Because why else
did you incarnate?
You did not come to this planet
to play out old 16th century
emotions and wounds, even
though you see those playing out
today.
And many of you run
a mile from them.
Yes.
There are some younger souls,
who for various reasons
have chosen to incarnate in
that energetic imprint, where
the ancestry is concerned.
But for most of you, that's
not why you came here.
>>REGINA: Finally,
if we can just
get to the longer time frame
of the next 50 to 100 years,
which is mentioned
in Lee's book.
>>HARRIS: Well firstly,
your galactic, not only
origins but also connections,
will be fully known
within that time frame.
So not only will this
idea of Earth and humanity
as a species in place
by itself, disconnected
from the rest of the
universe, be eradicated
you will also be
having more of a--
we will call it
galactic experience.
Now, your minds tend to go
to your traditional ways
of viewing this.
So you think of what
you have been shown,
the spaceships or
the alien invasion,
or those kinds of ideas will
float through your mind.
So be mindful of
what you interpret.
We will tell you that you are
all in your galactic origin
right now.
As a human soul, as
the new human soul,
you are all in your
galactic origin.
And have you not noticed
how galactic information,
galactic awareness,
and galactic--
we will call it music, but
you would call it frequency
and vibration, is permeating
Earth's consciousness more
and more?
And one of the biggest
issues that you have
is this war mentality of
separation and othering.
If you are determined
that you are
the right race, or the right
species, or the right gender,
and that everyone else is less
than you, may God help you.
Because you are going to
have one hell of a time
in the coming 50 years.
You are going to have an
almighty reckoning with some
of those egoic and fixed
ideas and emotions.
That is why you are
seeing so many people,
we will say, excuse
our language,
lose their shit
right now, as they
are beginning to have
things explode around them
that they used to
rely on, and that
used to support their
identity and their nature.
That is why you are seeing such
a fight playing out on Earth.
So we will say
the next 50 to 100
years is the moment where
Earth gets to reconnect
with its galactic origins in
both energetic and psychic
ways, but also some literal ways
that will help free many of you
on Earth, or at least we will
say the human template that
has been in existence,
including the way
that you have treated animals
and nature historically.
All of that is set to change.
Because you cannot go to a
higher level of consciousness
without eradicating and undoing
so many of these systems
and fences that have been built,
that held the old consciousness
in place, but that would only
limit the new consciousness
from arriving, and being
manifest in form on Earth.
>>REGINA: OK.
I think you've left
everybody breathless.
What a fascinating
body of information
you've shared with us today.
And I wish I could--
well, I'm giving you
a virtual hug for
all the passion
you've brought to the table.
Thank you so much.
And we'll let Lee come
back now until next time.
Thank you again.
>>HARRIS: In peace
and in love to all.
Ha.
Hi.
>>REGINA: Whoa.
OK.
Of all of the
channelings I've been
present for that
you've done, wow,
that was so much
powerful information.
Because you can feel
now the forthrightness
coming even more.
It's like pay attention, people,
now and just really critically
wonderful information.
Thank you so much for lending
yourself to this once again.
>>HARRIS: It's my job.
It's why I'm here.
So, thank you.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Well, we
extended about 10 minutes
over our normal time.
But that's OK, because
it was imperative
that we let the Z's
explain all this to us.
So Lee, any final
thoughts on your part
before we say goodbye?
>>HARRIS: I have no more words.
>>REGINA: I guess you don't.
I've got to go back and
watch this one myself.
Wow.
OK, Lee.
Thank you so much.
I love you to pieces.
>>HARRIS: Love you too.
>>REGINA: And until next time.
Lee's new book, again,
is called "Conversations
with the Z's, Book One."
You can also connect with
Lee's site, and his portal
where he offers
regular new channelings
at leeharrisenergy.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]